[Music]
movie magic isn't just a saying it's a
real thing I mean where else but a movie
set can you enter as yourself and come
out a completely different person or
even creature actor transformations are
a thing to behold especially in the case
of number 13 Charlize Theron in monster
ever wonder with the stunning Charlize
Theron would look like if she were a man
hunting murderer
well this 2003 flick will show you along
with Terrance oscar-winning performance
her makeup prosthetics and dedication to
the art of acting completely transformed
her into the late serial killer Aileen
Wuornos the actor has donned a mouth
full of crooked teeth and freckles and
even put on weight for the role
audiences were floored by her
transformation and Stephen Holden of the
New York Times said Charlize Theron
pulls off the year's most astounding
screen makeover and I'd have to agree
with him on that one number 12 Kate
Blanchet in manifesto actress Kate
Blanchette blew moviegoers away in 2015
with her performances in manifesto
yes performances that's plural in the
film she portrayed a whopping 13
personas in one role she rocks a beanie
and disheveled facial hair and in
another she's covered in tattoos and
wears a short chic brunette wig and
knowing how beautiful and poised
Blanchett is in real life it's pretty
shocking to see her as a scruffy dude
and other rough-around-the-edges type of
characters then again as a truly gifted
oscar-winning actress I'm not too
surprised Blanchette could handle all
these roles number 11 bill skarsgård in
it ah yes the 2017 horror flick they
managed to stir up that intense fear of
clowns
we all thought we'd gotten over 27 years
ago after watching the 1990 version no
just me
anyway who would have thought that the
actor who was transformed into the
nightmare inducing children eating clown
is actually a nice-looking young Swedish
man by the name of Bill skarsgård but
along with the red wig and creepy yet
colorful makeup Pennywise his scariest
feature was his smile
to create it skarsgård explained that
he'd do a thing with his lip along with
an off-putting movement in his lazy eye
to make as much of a weird disturbing
performance as possible
and he definitely succeeded at that
almost makes you feel bad for all those
birthday party clowns I couldn't get any
work after everyone had seen skarsgård
performance yeah almost
number 10 Dan Stevens in Beauty and the
Beast actor Dan Stevens is anything but
a beast in real life but with some good
makeup artists and prosthetics even
someone as handsome as Stephens can
morph into a giant broken-hearted hairy
creature stuck in a castle but makeup
wasn't the only magic present in this
2017 film CGI is what took the beast
look to the next level during filming
Stevens had to wear a heavy bulky motion
capture suit to make him look much
bigger than he actually was
the actor told USA Today it's an ordeal
for my calf muscles alone but along with
full body shots in the suit the actor
also had to go into the special effects
studio and recreate the same scenes but
with just his facial features these
facial capture sessions would get
close-up on the actor's face studying
how he spoke and even slurp soup but
that hard work was obviously worth it
right number 9 Jacob Tremblay in wonder
at the time the movie wonder was being
made 11 year old actor Jason Tremblay
was already enduring what most grown-up
actors consider unbearable that is hours
in the makeup chair being that the 2017
film is about a boy named Oggy who
struggles to fit into the world while
dealing with the effects of Treacher
Collins syndrome the makeup and hair
team had a big job to do on set FX
artist argent 210 who by the way was
also the talent behind Angelina Jolie's
Maleficent and some creatures in Pan's
Labyrinth worked his magic on Tremblay
completely transforming him into Oggy
in fact Tremblay would endure an hour
and a half in the makeup chair every
morning but before the final look came
to be 2:10
and his team spent months testing and
Reis Culp ting the perfect look for the
actor including the hair makeup and
prosthetics number eight
Richard brick in Game of Thrones if you
were to put actor Richard breaks picture
next to the night king from The Game of
Thrones you'd bet money on them being
completely different people and that's
why it's not all that surprising to
learn that it took about six hours to
transform brick into the creepy white
Walker at another three hours to take it
all off after shooting is complete and
that's nine hours just on effects makeup
man and I thought I'd take forever to
get ready every day number seven Gary
Oldman in darkest hour do period dramas
tend to make you fall asleep well that
probably isn't the case in darkest hour
a 2017 biopic about Winston Churchill
featuring respected actor Gary Oldman
you have to give it to the makeup team
because they took an actor who really
didn't resemble the famous British prime
minister and make Oldman look exactly
like Churchill according to darkest
hours Twitter it took an incredible
amount of time for artist Kazuhiro Tsuji
to achieve the transformation that
included 13 makeup tests 48 consecutive
shooting days and 200 hours of Oldman
sitting in the makeup chair cheese I
feel tired just hearing about all that
work number six
Margot Robbie in Suicide Squad who would
have thought that such a sweet face
could turn into one of the most cookie
demented characters in The Suicide Squad
if you recall Margot Robbie was rocking
bright colored makeup and even brighter
pigtails to play the role of Harley
Quinn in the 2016 film in an interview
with The Washington Post comic riffs
Robbie explained how tiring it was to
wear the costume on set every day she
explained that the wig and costume were
hard to deal with but her gold bangles
were actually the most uncomfortable
since the spikes on them would stab her
during the action scenes whoa talk about
hazards of the job
number five Daniel Radcliffe in horns
wait are you sure that's the same Daniel
Radcliffe we all know as the boy wizard
in the Harry Potter series whoa well as
the 2013 film title suggests Radcliffe
got to boast his own pair of horns when
he took on the role of egg the actor
explained to Entertainment Weekly that
this was a horrific transformation but
it was very very exciting had to sit for
several hours in the makeup chair before
coming on set in order to get his makeup
hair and prosthetics just right I mean
be honest just looking at this horn
beast would you have ever guessed that
it was Daniel Radcliffe under all that
incredible nicholas hoult in Mad Max
fury road Nicholas Hoult transformation
in 2015's Mad Max fury road was nothing
short of jaw-dropping with that bald
head black eyes and skin covered in
scars and tumors you'd never guess that
it was the same handsome English actor
we saw in movies like x-men and Jack the
giant slayer holds transformation into
the terminally ill knucks apparently
took two hours of makeup every day of
shooting number three
Halle Berry in Cloud Atlas the makeup
artist for 2012's cloud analyst managed
to pull off the impossible they turned
the stunning Halle Berry into a wrinkly
old man applause everyone
according to Entertainment Weekly very
work with costume designer Pierre Yves
and hair and makeup artist Daniel Parker
to rock the look of this elderly Korean
man Parker explained that when creating
an old face like he did on Barry it was
important to keep his strokes light so
that the features would be more subtle
well I was anything but subtly surprised
by this transformation number two joel
edgerton in bright with a 2017 film
about a universe in which humans elves
fairies and orcs all coexist it's not
surprising that some seriously awesome
makeup and special effects would be
involved to transform actor Joel
Edgerton into an orca
by the name of Nick Jacobi artists
worked on him for around three hours a
day every time he was on set but while
this sounds pretty taxing the actor
admitted that the process was actually a
bit more freeing since he didn't have to
think about vanity anymore
haha the troubles of being gorgeous I
understand number one Doug Jones in the
shape of water
latex latex latex actor Doug Jones got
very familiar with this material during
his time on the set for the 2017 hip
film the shape of water
according to Indy wire.com the actor
couldn't text on his phone or even turn
a doorknob while in his head to toe or
fin in costume for this transformation
Jones had to sit still in a chair as
four people squeezed him into a bodysuit
made of latex foam and rubber he also
wore web finger gloves and a fiberglass
helmet complete with buzzing mechanisms
that control his gills and this was all
before he'd have to hang from a hip
harness Bob and water and attempt scuba
diving inspired moves well done Doug
Jones well done
so can you add any more mind-blowing
actor transformations to the list leave
them in the comment section down below
remember to give this video a big thumbs
up share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]